So in this model, we had a detailed look at the vue cli, how we can use it to create better workflows
based on some templates which are available. For the rest of the course,
I will use the webpack simple template, an especially important feature are these .vue files,
these single template files which house a template, a script and styles all in one file. That's a special
concept vuejs offers you which makes writing your vue instances or components a lot more convenient
and gives you some additional power.
Therefore throughout the rest of the course, I will use this template, this webpack simple template we set
up in this module, I will use these single template files, these .vue files to continue working with
that.
Definitely consider using such a workflow for your projects,
possibly the webpack instead of the webpack simple workflow we're using here.
And with that, you should have a powerful tool to really create bigger applications.